Happy.
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Tuesday afternoon. God bless
everyone. In the name of Yeshua, the
Messiah. I pray you and your families
are super blessed as Bitcoin is
continuing
honestly to look a little bit bullish.
And just a quick reminder, guys, I'm
going to be giving away $500 if we can
get 500 likes in the first 35 minutes.
All right, so we've been live now for 3
minutes, which means we have 31 minutes
right now. Actually, 31 minutes. I'm
going to set a timer for 31 minutes. Go
tell your mom, tell your dad, tell your
friends to come like
the stream. All right, because we're
trying to give away 500 smackaroons
today. All right, big shout out to
everybody in the chat. First of all,
shout out to Sultan S6961.
All the apes and normies are long. Time
to make a little time to make them sweat
a little. Shout out to L Diero NFT. Good
morning. God bless you. Shout out to Joe
Joipg
66k TP1. Well, we'll have to see. Shout
out to player. Shout out to T. Shout out
to Darren 982 who says it's go time.
Shout out to Metal Mike. And shout out
to this music, which is a little bit too
chill for me. A little bit too chill.
Yeah. Here we go. This is a little bit
more hype. I need a little a little bit
more hype music here. All right. Here we
go, baby. We're pumping. Shout out to
CryptoClown World. Shout out to Quiles
1100. Shout out to got your 61871
with a wallet address. Shout out to
Glass Hopper77 and Boying who says, "No
way. Is he live again?" Yes, sir. Jay,
can I get 5,000 if I tell you where
Bitcoin will go? Sure, man. You know
what? Why not, bro? Why not? Shout out
to Boyan, one of the instructors in the
Casper crew. Shout out to R. Pink. Shout
out to get get Daryl 1611 and Richard
Burns 28 and Elisa 5779 says yo yo yo yo
yo yo. All right, let's talk about
what's happening with Bitcoin here,
guys. Smash up the dang likes. Remember,
we're trying to do a $500 giveaway. Big
shout out to Bitbase. All right, make
sure to sign up if you like cool stuff
like $500 giveaways every single week
and all this great stuff. Make sure to
sign up to KSEX if you like the lowest
fees in the world and good old Antarctic
exchange as well if you want the
experience of a sex on a DEX. Big shout
out to the Casper Crew VIP Discord. Now
look at this guys. The price of Bitcoin
yesterday came up to the local value
area high of the range. All right, we're
going to go ahead and turn this off for
a second here and we're just going to
quickly look on our low time frame, the
1 hour.
And that was our target from yesterday
pretty much, right? Yesterday we were
chopping around up here. I did take a
low profit and the technical target is
the value area high of the range. Now
this is going to be super key. $64,000
as we were saying yesterday. Very key
value area high of range. Now I have to
say I really like what I'm seeing here
for more upside. I'll tell you why. If
we just take a look at the range and
let's actually pull a little bit more
precisely here.
Let's actually pull a little bit more.
I'm just so curious to see if we can
pull it in a way where we actually back
test the PFC. So, we don't back test the
PC, but we do see something very nice.
All right.
What we see that's very nice about all
this price action is the fact that
number one, Bitcoin came down to make a
very significant bottom. 4hour time
frame, green box of hope and wonder. We
bounce from the macro 618. We come back
inside the range. We flip value area low
into support. And now we are holding
this PC as support right now. This is a
very nice flip of resistance into
support. Right? We come up, we
consolidate, we break out, we back test,
make a higher high, get a really nice
wick, take a lot of liquidity.
Uh, you know, this is very interesting
because we we even front ran the $61,000
support resistance flip by a little bit
and we get a really nice move back up to
value area high where we reject and we
back test the PC again.
Now, our 4 hour time frame is looking a
little bit ambiguous here. Our daily
time frame definitely still has some
room to the upside.
1 hour time frame here, honestly, I'll
be honest. I like the way the money flow
has dipped into the purple and is now
coming back up into the blue. I kind of
like that. I kind of like how we formed
a 1hour bullish divergence here earlier
today when the price had the opportunity
to make lower lows. But instead, what do
we see here on market cipher B? Money
flow curving from purple into blue. As
we just take that liquidity back at the
back test of the value of the PC of the
range, we have bullish div on the 1 hour
24-minut time frame. I mean, oh my
goodness, you could not ask for
something more bullish than this. This
is absolutely insane. We have a nice,
beautiful,
extremely bullish divergence here. The
momentum and the money flow getting much
higher as the price is taking out that
low. And really, I'd have to say based
on this bottom pattern here,
I would not be surprised if we don't see
the Bitcoin price coming up above
$65,000.
And once we're coming above this high
that we made here at 64.5, we have now
officially broken out. Well, we will
officially have broken out of this
range. And our next target is going to
be the $67,000 zone.
Our next target is going to be coming up
to the PC of the macro range.
That That is pretty intense. Wow.
Wow. Wow. Are my Do my eyes deceive me?
Was there some value area shift here?
Hang on one second. Wait a second.
This is This is actually This is
actually freaking me out right now. Let
me see something real quick.
Let me see something real quick.
Okay, I I I must be hallucinating.
Look at this. This is a massive PC. I I
Is this new? I don't remember seeing
this before, guys. I must be I must be
tripping now. Honestly, I must be
tripping now. But either way, we flip
this $65,000 level. We're coming up to
$67,000. That's going to be a very
important zone. We flip that, guys.
There's no reason why we can't come up
to the mid70s and then the low8s. And
the reason is because it's all about the
volume profiles, right? Here we go.
Let's just deal with this volume
profile. We flipped this 667,000
zone. We're going to get vacuum sucked
right up to the value area high around
74.2 too confluence with the Fibonacci
golden pocket from the high to the low.
That's just a beautiful level right
there. I could see it happening now. I'm
getting excited, guys. I'm getting
excited for this to happen now. All
right, let's see what happens now. All
right, let's see what happens now. Let's
see. We locked in $23,000.
We still have 14,000 unrealized. Let's
see if we can't get that move up. It
looks like we're probably going to Am I
too bullish? Look, I literally have not
looked at the Bitcoin chart at all until
this live stream. Even before this live
stream, I didn't look at the chart at
all since yesterday. All right, I mean
that I I did not even open up the chart
once.
All right, not once.
This is my first time viewing the chart.
So, in my initial view here after seeing
these bullish divergences on these on
these time frames, man, look at the
daily bullish divergence. But let's take
a look at the weekly now.
You know, it looks like depending on how
this week closes, guys, if we're closing
this week up around 65, 66, we very well
may print a green dot next week, right?
It's very interesting times. That's some
very, very interesting times.
All right, so it did shift. What if it
dumps?
It's crypto. It doesn't dump. It's up
only. Come on, guys. Look, sell your
house, take out another mortgage, sell a
kidney on eBay to buy more Bitcoin. It's
up only, baby. Haven't you ever seen a
Michael Sailor video? Make sure to smash
the likes, guys. Cuz if we can get 500
likes in the first half hour, we'll give
away $500.
All right. I know we only have two
viewers these days, but look, it is what
it is, man. Go tell your mom to come
like the stream. Tell your dad, tell
your brother, tell your sister, tell
your uncle, tell your aunt. Say, "Look,
there's this weirdo guy in the
treadmill. is trying to give away $500.
All right.
Um, big shout out to
Blair who says, "Boyen just put the
money on the trade." He says,
"Sideways." Shout out to Gravy Train.
Shout out to me. Hy bet L7590. Gym bro
like me man. I'll take the label gym
bro. I do like going to the gym. I like
going to the gym. Shout out to Logitech.
Shout out to me cuz I'm liked by all.
Liked by all. That's cool. Shout out to
the real King Solomon. Shout out to
Ratio 2270 who says LMAO.
Okay. Yeah. So, we did have some value
area shift here. But honestly, guys,
this is looking pretty crazy. And I am
very curious to see because here's the I
I have to say if a weekly bullish
divergence confirms, I will have to I
will have to really say there's a good
high chance that the low is in.
A good high chance the low is in. Now, I
have to say also I don't want the low to
be in now. I want the low to be in in a
few months. I don't want the low to be
in at this price. I want the low to be
in at lower prices.
But I I I can't argue with signals that
look so bullish. All right. So, I I hope
that this thing dumps. Speaking of my
friend who asked, "What if we dump?"
Well, we'll talk about that in a second.
But my even the way the 4 hour looks
here, just the way the momentum waves
look here, it doesn't necessarily look
that bearish to me right now. All right.
I I I'm really expecting that we do get
a move up towards $67,000 right now.
That's kind of what I feel is most
probable based on everything. I mean, in
the 8 hour, look at this red dot, green
dot here. It looks like we want to get
one big last move up. Um the four day
the five day. Look at the five day guys.
I mean when was the last time we saw
something like this on the five day?
When was the last time we saw something
like this on the 5day?
Okay. The last time we saw something
like this on the 5day,
it's hard to say. maybe here, maybe
around September 2022 before the last
big drop, but it it looks much nicer now
than it did back then to be honest with
you. It's more oversold. We're at a much
more key zone support. And this
divergence was shady in the sense that
we didn't come lower than the wick.
Technically, if we're going wicks by
wicks, it wasn't a divergence. If we're
going bodies by bodies, it was a
divergence, right? So, I like to think
that we have one more drop here. I like
to think that. But the fiveday is
looking juicy. Let's check out the six
day. Even the six day, guys. Four days
until confirmed bullish div on the six
day. The 7-day looking pretty nice. Not
as nice as the weekly, though. The
weekly looks good. The 12-day, look at
this bullish div on the 12day.
Bullish dive on the 12day.
That is crazy, man.
I did we even see Yeah. I mean, the last
time we saw a bull dive on the 12 day,
guys, it was the bottom again. I don't
want the bottom to be in right now. I'm
going to look like a fool. If the
bottom's in now, we're going to have to
quit crypto if the bottom's in now. But
sheesh,
that's crazy. The 12 day. The 12 day. I
don't think the bottom's in.
I don't think the bottom's in. I don't
think it's in yet.
I think we have one more catastrophic
drop. Even the way we're coming up here,
the way this moves to the upside, this
is like pure bull trap price action
right here. It's just pure bull trap
price action. It's slow. It's grindy. It
reminds me of this. It reminds me of
this crap over here. Took us like 27
years. Guys, remember this all this
crap? 27 years it took us to get back up
to the range high and then one two quick
drops all the way back down to the range
low. I mean, seriously, it took us 27
years. So, the way this slow, grindy
price action, it reminds me very similar
to what happened over here. And then
look, we give it back real quick. Zoop
zoop.
But I still think we can come up to the
top of the range. $67,000. Looking
pretty juicy to me right now. Looking
pretty dang juicy.
Juicy juicy.
Uh money flow down on the 12day. Yeah,
but here's the thing. The money flow is
always very low.
The money flow is always very low at
these lows.
As long as no news, Iran seller selling.
I'm bullish. Well, there's definitely
going to be bearish news, I think. But
48K is black rock territory. King
Salman's eyeing 48 to 55 if we start
heading sub 60 again. Man, I really do
hope that we dip below I'm really hoping
that we do dip below that uh that
$40,000 level. That would just be so
beautiful and so
so nice. So beautiful and so nice. We're
eating rice.
Actually, I never eat rice. Strategy
will sell and drop the price. Yeah,
that's what I'm hoping will happen. Like
I'm hoping that there's something
absolutely insane that's going to
happen. Uh so let's check out ETH.
Remember to smash up the likes. ETH
still struggling. You know, even the way
ETH is consolidating here, like yeah, it
is bullish that we're at the macro. I
mean, this is a multi-year PC on ETH,
guys. Let's go to the weekly.
Look at this. This is a macro PC on ETH
going all the way back to 2020
basically. I mean 2021 the very
beginning we're consolidating here.
ETH is is very bullish looking as well.
Look look at the
look at the weekly time frame. We have
confirmed bullish divergence on the
week. It's already confirmed. The 7-day
is printing. It will confirm in 1 day
and 7 hours. Is that weekly one
confirmed? Yeah, the weekly is
confirmed. The 7-day will confirm soon.
All right. The the And look at the money
flow, too. The 6 day is confirmed.
Everything's confirmed here. There
definitely is much upside potential
here. Um,
and I wouldn't be surprised if ETH can
reclaim $1,800 and hold above this PLC.
I would not be surprised to see a a fast
move up
right to at least $2,000 the the the
next PC golden pocket combo here. And I
wouldn't even be surprised if we came
all the way up to these highs to take
this liquidity because I do have to say,
you know, just looking at this here,
right? Look at this on the 5day chart.
It looks like no resistance pretty much.
And then we just have easy to take
liquidity right here, right? We have
this high, we have that high. We could
just swoop right up there, man. We could
even come up to 2500.
ETH looking pretty juicy. I do have to
say. I do have to say.
Now, I look, here's the thing, guys. I I
have to be honest. I know. It's so funny
cuz we're at that we're at the stage in
the bare market right now where anytime
some YouTuber gets out and is bullish,
people are like, "When influencers get
bullish, that means it's time to sell.
these stupid idiots don't know anything.
And they're probably right about most of
us idiot YouTuber. I don't even consider
myself an influencer.
You know, I don't have enough
subscribers for that crap. But, you
know, whenever I post bullish stuff,
people comment like that. I'm not trying
to be bullish here, guys. You have to
understand, I don't want to be a moon
boy. All right? I want to be objective.
I'm trying to be objective here. I know
I I know I suffer from more bullish than
most itis. All right, MBMI as it's
called in in medical school. More
bullish than most itis, I admit.
All right, I suffer from from a slight
case of MBMI.
But but how often do you print these
signals? Very rare. Okay. And also in my
defense, I did short the exact top and
was extremely bearish for all of 2020,
the end of 2025, saying 2026 is going to
be a a bearish year. So, in my defense,
I was I was one of the the few voices
calling the top
and and holding sticking to my guns. And
now I'm starting to see some bullish
signs down here. In fact, let's flip the
chart upside down. Again, I'm not here
to tell you the bottom's in, okay?
But if this was in an uptrend, all
right, if this was an uptrend, guys, and
we saw the momentum getting lower on the
weekly like this,
confirmed. All right, and we saw the
money flow getting lower on the weekly,
confirmed.
What would we say? We would say, you
know what, we're in a bull market. We
don't know exactly when the top is going
to be in, but this is telling us the top
is coming pretty dang soon. And this
confirmed signal most likely means we're
going to get a significant drop.
I mean, let's let's even just clear this
off in general. Like, let's clear
everything off the chart. Again, look, I
know I suffer from MBMI more bullish
than most itis,
but let's just try to be objective here.
All right? If you see something like
this,
right?
Let's pretend this is just an uptrend,
right? Let's pretend this is the bull
market. What do you expect is going to
happen next? What do you expect will
happen next? I remember I posted a post
on Twitter.
I posted a post on Twitter
back in
I I guess it was probably October and I
asked the question, "What happens next?"
It was before the all-time high was in,
by the way. It was before the all-time
high was in. I said, "What do you think
happens next?" All right, we go back in
time here.
All right,
let's just take a look. What do you
think is going to happen next here on
Bitcoin? Now, now it doesn't mean the
top is in cuz the top wasn't in. This
definitely a harbinger of some some
bearish news here. You know what I'm
saying?
Sometimes flipping the chart really
helps you see, right? We're saying what
do you think happens next here? What do
Especially if we reclaim, you know, 105.
We're saying we reclaim 105,
you know, we're we're we're probably
going to shoot for for the the low 70s.
That was the target for all that time,
right?
So, I'm seeing I'm seeing the opposite
of what we saw in the bare market right
now,
you know, which which really makes me
think maybe the bottom's going to come
in before October. I hope not. I really
hope not because here's the thing. Even
though I'm feeling bullish right now as
I look at this chart and I'm seeing a
potential weekly bull div here, it
doesn't change my plan. All right, guys.
I want to make it very clear. My plan to
buy spa Bitcoin is still in play. All
right? I'm not all of a sudden going to
be buying Bitcoin at $120,000.
I'm not going to be chased price to the
upside. I'm going to wait for my
targets, all right, to the downside. If
they never hit, then they never hit.
All right? If they never hit, they never
hit. That that's the reality of the
situation. I'm not changing my plan
right now because I see a bullish
divergence. I'm just letting you know.
I'm sticking to the plan just like I
stuck to the plan last time. If the plan
doesn't work out, well, too bad for me.
But man, this is looking nice. And I I I
would have to say I would love something
like this where we come up to 68, maybe
70,000 and then get one last big drop in
the fall.
And that's where our bottom actually
does come in. And I would love to see
that for ETH as well. But these charts
are looking pretty nice. And if we do
drop again for ETH, where's the target?
Well, I would say we have some really
nice liquidity down here.
like around 1300. We have the low from
April 2025. We have the low from March
2023.
And if I'm not mistaken, let's go ahead
and pull a Fibonacci from low to high. I
think if we put this on log, we might
have a nice Fibonacci level there as
well.
Yeah, we have the macro 786.
So yeah, if ETH does get another
catastrophic drop, it would be actually
very nice to come into this box right
around here between 1,00 and and 1300
and that would be a beautiful
place to get some Etherum in my opinion
cuz that is as supporty as you can get.
I mean that is support as support can
come for ETH to be honest with you. And
eventually I do believe we are going to
see ETH break out of this. All right.
The fact that everyone's so bearish on
ETH right now is just undeniable proof
to me that this thing is going to pump.
All right. Now, again, that's not based
on anything technical. That's just based
on the reality of market sentiment.
There's no way Ethereum is going to be a
nothing coin in my mind. All right. So,
coming down here is an amazing
opportunity, I think, to get some
Ethereum. And even if this thing just
stays ranging here, I mean, that's an
amazing gain right there. I mean, that's
another opportunity to make 300%. That's
that's nothing to scoff at, but I do
believe eventually this thing will break
out. And the reason why is cuz it's a
giant bull flag. Let's be honest, it's a
giant bull flag, you know, from our $100
low to our high. You know, let's take it
off log scale. All right, let's take it
off log scale. I know it's not good to
do flags on not log scale, but this is
putting us at around a $9,000 Ethereum
target here.
You know, I don't think that's too out
of the question. I don't think that's
too out of the question. But yeah,
that'd be my next major downside target
for ETH. If we can flip the macro PC
into support, well, we could see a move
up to 2500, which is just the top of the
local range. And we do have to be
realistic and honest about this stuff,
too. Like, I don't know what everyone's
sentiment in the chat is right now. I
really don't know what your guys'
sentiments are.
I'm sure we got a mix. But the reality
of the situation is if we are going to
reclaim 2,000, if we're reclaiming 2500
guys, that is an official flip of market
structure on the weekly. In my opinion,
bare market officially over. If ETH does
this, all right, as soon as ETH does
that, that means the downtrend
since the high, the all-time high is now
reversed. Okay, we see ETH close a week
above 2500. The I'm it's over. The bare
market's over. That's how I'm going to
be looking at this. And then I would say
the back test of 1750 is going to be the
spot
if we're gifted with something like
that. I don't know.
Uh, you know, it's very possible that
ETH bottoms and Bitcoin doesn't. I'll
tell you why. ETH topped out and Bitcoin
didn't, right? So, imagine a situation
like this. Ethereum tops out in August.
Bitcoin doesn't top out until October
6th. So the the high for ETH was already
put in. Then Bitcoin makes a higher
high, but Ethereum makes a lower high.
So maybe Ethereum does the same thing
now in the bull market. Maybe we bottom
out a few months early and then we flip
market structure and then we make a
higher low and Bitcoin makes a lower low
in October, right? Because this would
put us in October where we expect
Bitcoin to to bottom out.
And if that happens, Bitcoin makes a
lower low and ETH makes a higher low.
That could be quite interesting. In
fact, maybe ETH could be a a leading
indicator for Bitcoin if ETH changes
market structure on the weekly here and
Bitcoin don't.
Maybe that could be a leading indicator
for Bitcoin, you know. Big shout out to
Crypto Crank. Shout out to AZTV, CBK,
Yahoo.
Um,
yeah. Big shout out to Cryptocrank.
What's going on, bro? Big shout out to
Crypto Clown World. Your sentiment is
50/50. Yeah, if we can get 500 likes,
guys, in the next uh seven minutes, I'm
giving away 500 bucks if everyone likes
the video right now.
Um, let's see what's Bitcoin doing right
now. It's pumping pretty nicely,
right? It's pumping pretty nicely.
It's pumping pretty nicely. Now, I did
short Bitcoin totally blindly when I saw
we rejected from a value area high last
night. Didn't look at the chart. Didn't
look at the indicator. Didn't look at
anything. Just took a short.
um
just to hedge my longs to be honest with
you. Like I look at the chart, I see
reject from value area high. It was a
trade setup that we're looking at in the
Casper crew. One of the setups right
here to reject from value area high and
I just blindly took it. I got, you know,
I was up in quite a bit of profit, I
guess, over the night. I didn't even
look at the trade until now. I didn't
even I literally took the trade last
night, shut my phone off, went to sleep,
put my stop at 65K, and I'm I guess
during the night I could have taken
profit. I didn't now. You know, that's
okay. I'm hedging my longs. I'm up right
now 35K. I've realized $13,000 on this
trade. I've realized $23,000 on this
trade. Yesterday, I closed out the long
the short trade got stopped out. It
ended up getting stopped out for a
$65,000 profit. That actually doesn't
include the funding fees that I got paid
on the trade, I don't think. Because
with the funding fees, after holding all
that time, it was up quite a bit. But
whatever the case, whatever the case,
I don't care at all about taking a small
loss on this short trade, hedging my
juicy
long gains to be honest with you. Um,
let's take a quick look at MSTR. All
right.
All right. So, Micro Strategy is getting
a bit of a bounce here.
Um, from
none o none.
Let's see. I have too many lines on the
chart
from value area low.
Yeah. Wow. Look at that. We're bouncing
perfectly from this value area low. And
we actually did frontr run the filling
of this weekly uh fair value gap.
We got bullish div on strategy as well.
You know what I would love for strategy
is a catastrophic dump. Come on, Michael
Sailor, bring on the selling. Let's
reject from this zone of resistance
here. Let's back test this support
resistance flip as resistance and let's
get one more deep catastrophic move
hopefully coming down into the 50s.
you know, let's destroy this thing and
and and let's have everybody panic sell
all their strategy and all their Bitcoin
right into the fall, right into the
fall, right into October 5th. October
5th, the infamous Bitcoin bare market
bottom day where Michael Sailor gets
liquidated or something like that. I
don't know.
But yeah, so right now we are bouncing
from a support, but we do have an
interesting support resistance flip
coming in right around here.
right around here, right? You could see
by the wicks of these candles. So, we
are back testing support resistance
flip. And as long as we can't reclaim
this box here, I say there's a really
good chance that we continue in this
downtrend, right? If we start doing
this, well, then forget it. It's over.
It's over. You know, introverted head
and shoulders pump city time, bullish
divergence on the weekly. But if we
can't do that,
we could get another drop and that could
be the catalyst, as people in the chat
were saying, to take us down to some new
lows. All right, take us down to some
new lows. Yeah, cheap crypto ain't bad,
you know.
Shout out to the real Don Deed looking
like Ronnie Coleman up in the chat.
You bought a walking pad because of me.
I'm actually turning into a monster.
That's what's up, man. Look, honestly,
walking pads are the way to go. I love
walking pads so much. I think they're
the best, you know. And you should, too.
You know, you should, too. All right,
let's see. Can we get the likes? We have
We have two minutes for everyone to like
the video. We'll give away $500. Man,
what a crazy thing. You could tell
people, "Look, I'm going to give you
$500 if you just push a button." But no,
no,
you're going to burst into flames till
I'm guaranteed it till it burst into
flame. Here's the thing. is not going to
burst into flames. It's just going to
stop working
and you are going to uh trip. You know,
that's what happens to me all the time.
All of a sudden, it doesn't even slow
down. It just stops. You're like,
it just stops. Yeah, they these motors
burn out. Especially these cheap Amazon
ones. These cheap Amazon ones. That's
the kind I buy. Cheap Amazon ones. In
fact, if I have to go somewhere, like
last year I had to go to the beach with
my family, which I I didn't want to do,
by the way. I want to stay home where
I'm comfortable, right? So, I bought
myself a treadmill on Amazon, had it
delivered to where I was going to be,
and then when I was done with that, I
threw that thing in the dumpster
because after just a week and a half of
using that thing, it was already so worn
out. I'm like, "This is disgusting.
It was actually a foldable treadmill.
Don't ever get the foldable treadmill.
The the treadmill itself actually folds
in half. Like the the walking pad
itself, the whole walk pad folds in
half. It's definitely not a good design,
but I guess if you're in a pinch,
you know
how much would it change if everyone who
likes the video got $500?
That would change a lot. Yeah, for sure.
You're right, Dave Digital. You're sure.
You're right.
No way to invest equals slacking. Yeah,
I'm trying to take it a little easy,
man. Anthony Lee Raw.
Is that different than Anthony Lee
Crypto? I'm trying to take it a little
easy with the with the weighted vest
here. I think I was I was just I was
just, you know what it was? I had I was
eating too much and I was burning too
much energy and I wasn't uh
I wasn't making progress in the gym.
So, I had to tone tone down the weighted
vest a little bit. I'm trying to keep
the weighted vest walking to maybe 5 to
7,000 steps a day. The rest just
nonweighted vest, you know.
Big shout out to single penny matters.
What's going on? You rebranded to a more
you style, unfiltered, raw, and direct.
That's what's up. You've been locked out
of the Discord. Can you get some help?
Um,
I'm not sure if you broke the rule. I
don't know the context. I don't know the
context.
Um,
yeah, you could lube the treadmill belt.
Yeah, you could lube the treadmill belt.
That that does help. That's a temporary
fix. Eventually, no amount of lube is
going to help that treadmill.
Eventually, no amount of lube will help
the situation.
All right.
There's no amount of lube that can fix
the situation. What is Oh crap.
Shout out to Johnny M. What's going on,
bro? Shout out to TD Stacks96. I've
hardly even talked in there. I'm paying
monthly and can't get in.
I I guess open up a ticket, bro. I don't
know. I really honestly have no idea how
to help that. I feel like I feel like
you probably broke the rules and got
banned. And if that happened, I'm sorry,
but you got to you got to keep the
rules, man. Shout out to Trader Gio.
One day it'll happen and they'll clip
it. The treadmill breaking. It actually
did happen. In fact, Tino from Trader
Reality sent me a $100 super chat and as
soon as I read it, my treadmill broke.
You know, you know. Shout out to
Splashfire Films.
Uh, you hope this is the bottom, says
Khaled Osman. I've been waiting on this
swing for a while. I I hope this is not
the bottom. I got to be honest with you.
I really hope this is not the bottom.
I'm hoping
I'm hoping we get that one more big
one more big drop, you know.
So, big shout out to Trader Gio. By the
way, Trader Gio, guys, if you're not
subscribed to Trader Gio, go subscribe.
All right. He's one of the realest in
the game.
I almost fall off the treadmill every
day because of that. Cuz the treadmill
just stopping.
Oh, so your treadmill just stops. See,
when mine stops, when it runs out of
time, it slows down. But when when it
dies, it just stops.
You were doing weighted vest walking
till your feet hurt.
Yeah. The weighted vest is is an art
form. Here's the thing about walking on
a walking treadmill. All right. Walking
treadmills are for for two types of
people. For sedentary people that want
to just be healthier. That's type number
one. That's most most people. And the
second type is for wackos like your boy
Jason Casper. All right, who who just
loves to eat so much that I want to eat
5,000 calories a day. That's just my my
normal my normal satiety is like 5,000
calories a day, hundreds of carbs,
you know, and so the only way I can do
that and maintain, you know, lean sub
15% body fat, you know, uh, all year is
simply just by having a walking
treadmill. And you got to balance out
the the weighted vest. All right?
Because the weighted vest is a huge hack
cuz it burns tons of calories without
really making you tired or hungry. But
if you do it too much without you
noticing it, it'll actually if you're
lifting weights, it'll impede your
recovery. Right? You go to work out the
next time and you realize you miss a rep
on one of your lifts. You start missing
reps on your lifts, that's when you got
to pull back because the most important
thing
is, you know, strength. Really, that's
the most important thing.
There's no way I'm shredded with 5,000
calories a day. I'm not shredded, bro.
I'm not shredded.
There's no such thing as being shredded.
Shredded and 5,000 calories a day.
That's impossible. But you can
absolutely be leaner than 95% of people
on 5,000 calories a day. For sure.
Um, you know, for sure.
>> Absolutely.
There's a big difference between being
uh lean and being shredded. You know
what I'm saying?
>> Shout out to uh Krypto Crank, bro. This
is actually my position size, man. it
it's not really my profit, man. My
profit is this down here and my real
eyes is here. But yeah, people uh it
looks like that, right? It looks like
that. The position size is green. I
don't know why. This is Bitbase, new
exchange I'm trading on, you know. So,
yeah, I haven't made $300,000
in one trade. All right. But it sure
looks like I did,
you know.
Yeah, the most important thing is arms
and chest for sure.
You've been sub to Trader Joe for a
while. Well, that's awesome. You know,
have ever eaten goat? Of course. Of
course. I eat goat all the time. It's
normal for us to eat goat. Goat burgers.
Ground goat all the time.
It's green because it's long. Oh, there
you go. What do I think about the bare
dib on the 4 hour and the possibility
for a retrace? I don't really think that
these bear divs on the 4 hour look that
bearish. I'm gonna be honest. I don't
think these these 4hour bear divs on
Bitcoin
look that bearish. I don't think they
look that bear. Just the shape of the
waves here. This doesn't look very
bearish to me.
Do I What would look more bearish to me
would be if we had a momentum wave come
down
and then we saw something like this as
the money flow comes down. That would
look bearish. Something like this to me
looks bearish, right? Momentum wave and
then we get that second drive. This to
me doesn't look super bearish yet,
especially given the context of the
weekly and the daily. Especially given
the context of the 1 hour bullish
divergence,
right? You don't get a 1 hour bullish
divergence, money flow, momentum
divergence, RSI's tight together like
this,
and the 4 hour looks like this and
expect the 4 hour to play out. That's my
personal view. I I really think we're
going to flip 64.5 and head towards 67.
That's my personal view.
I think this bull trap ain't over yet.
That's my personal view. It's We've had
time for it to be over, you know. We've
had time for it to be over. We missed I
missed the golden opportunity for lab.
Yeah, seriously.
But do I think Yeah, cuz here's the
thing. We came to the value area high.
We got the retrace, but then we're
holding PC as support,
right? If we had if we had made come
down below PC, I would have changed my
tune. But even the 1 hour, like we had
the bare d on the 1 hour, it looks super
bearish, super nice. But now it's like
invalidated because of this juicy
bullish div here, you know. That's just
my view, you know. Could be wrong.
Could be wrong.
But yeah, if we get a retracement from
here, where would I like to get in?
Well,
to be honest,
let me see what we got here. Value area
low.
Yeah, if we do get a retrace from here,
I would I would be interested in a long
from here from around 60K to 61K. I
would be interested, but I I Yeah, I
would be interested given the context of
higher term time frames.
Shout out to Grub Man. God bless you,
man. You know, God bless you. You know,
I do have to say it's so funny. It's so
funny that it does look like $300,000
unrealized profit, but it's not. It's
It's just the position size, guys. My
unrealized is 14K.
It does look cool for Twitter, though.
Does look cool for Twitter.
Yeah, Bitbase. They give away $500 every
single week. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, my exchanges right now are
Bitbase, giving away $500 a week, low
fees, all this good stuff. KSEX, lowest
fees, period. And then, of course,
Antarctic decentralized exchange, super
low fees. Shout out to New Earth
Guardian. What's going on? You're lung
right now. Up 100%. That's what's up.
God bless you. God bless you.
Do I think there will ever be a point
where Bitcoin completes changes behavior
making all the TA no longer reliable?
Uh, I don't think so. I think that TA is
reliable no matter what. All right,
that's my personal view. I think TA is
reliable no matter what. Um,
could Bitcoin change his issue cycles?
Yeah, of course. Um, but will TA ever
become unreliable? No. No.
We might have to look for new patterns
on things, you know, eventually you have
to look for new patterns and like
different patterns that tend to play
out, but TA will never become uh
irrelevant. That's that's the that's the
beauty of it. That's the beauty of it.
Yeah. Consolidating under resistance
board liftoff. Am I concerned about the
monthly and three-month money flow divs?
Um I haven't really looked at them. So,
let's check them out.
>> Oh, you you're talking like on the
index. Uh, no, I'm not. I'm not. I'm
not. I I'll tell you why. Because you're
always going to have that. You're always
going to have that in any kind of um
market like where it starts low and gets
high. You're always going to have that.
The reason why is because, you know, the
the the pumps get less and less as time
goes on, as more and more money comes
into the asset. you're always going to
have those kinds of things. But I would
say
that um
this local monthly divergence didn't
look as bad as the one we had in 2021.
And the money flow right now is higher.
Uh let's see. Cuz right now, I'd say,
yeah, we're we're we're right on target.
I'd say the money flow is right about
where it was at this time last time in
the cycle. This time last time in the
cycle. I'm not concerned about the
monthly and three-month divergences.
Just is what it is. Every single cycle
you're going to have that,
you know, and maybe at some point
Bitcoin rugs to zero. Then we'll then
I'll be worried. When Bitcoin's zero, I
will honestly be a bit concerned. All
right. It's never a good feeling when
large portions of your net worth are
instantly taken away,
you know.
Um,
yeah. Everyone thinks 300,000 for
profit. I know. I know.
I thought it was kind of obvious that it
wasn't. So, I posted it on Twitter as a
joke and everyone was like, "Congrats,
bro." And I'm like,
I thought people would get the joke, but
they didn't. They thought it was real,
but um yeah, it's not real.
And a few people called me out. I'm
like, "You guys are the smart ones that
that that pay attention." But yeah, it's
not. I wish it was, but it's not.
It's all good. The AI bubble is
bursting. Money will probably come back
into crypto. Epstein's going to rug
crypto
this time. Last time in the cycle is a
thing. This time, last time. Shout out
to THR Tiger. Nowadays, Bitcoin likes to
do goto levels aggressively and do not
take its liquidity again. Yes, it it it
has been doing that. Actually, the last
bull run was characterized by that. The
thing is Bitcoin has never ever dropped
below zero and not recovered. There's
very strong support at zero. This is
true. 100% chance based on historical
data that um that zero is very strong
support. Zero is very very strong
support. So
yeah. Yep. Yes. Yes. Yep.
And with that being said, guys, I think
I'm going to end the stream right now
right here. I don't have much else to
say, but God bless you all. Thank you so
much for popping in. Make sure to like,
subscribe, click the bell. Hopefully, we
get 500 likes next time. And I will see
you guys, Lord willing, tomorrow. Peace.